README.md, before:

# docker-pelican
Docker and Fig containers for Pelican static site generation, served by Nginx.

This project creates two Docker containers, one for the Pelican blog static file blog generator and another for the serving of the content using an Nginx contrainer.  Fig is used to orchestrate the building of the images and running of the containers.

To Install:

1. Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/), version 1.3 or higher, on a Linux box or VM.
2. Install [Fig](http://www.fig.sh/install.html), version 1.0 or higher.
3. Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/turnkey-commerce/docker-pelican.git docker-pelican

To start, from the docker-pelican directory:

1. fig build
2. fig up -d

To view the site:

1. http://localhost

To stop:

1. fig stop

To add more content add or modify Markdown (.md) or reStructuredText (.rst) files in the docker-pelican/pelican/content directory and the blog will automatically be regenerated on change. For more information check the [Pelican documentation](http://docs.getpelican.com/en/latest/index.html).

Commit message:

Update for docker-compose renaming from fig.

README.md, after:

# docker-pelican
Docker containers for Pelican static site generation, served by Nginx.

This project creates two Docker containers, one for the Pelican blog static file blog generator and another for the serving of the content
using an Nginx contrainer.  Docker Compose is used to orchestrate the building of the images and running of the containers.

**To Install:**

1. Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/), version 1.3 or higher, on a Linux box or VM.
2. Install [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/), version 1.0 or higher.
3. Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/turnkey-commerce/docker-pelican.git docker-pelican

**To start, from the docker-pelican directory:**

1. docker-compose build
2. docker-compose up -d

To view the site:

1. http://localhost

**Note:** If docker-machine is being run on Mac or Windows then the actual IP address will be different. Use "docker-machine env" to determine it.

**To stop the containers:**

1. docker-compose stop

To add more content add or modify Markdown (.md) or reStructuredText (.rst) files in the docker-pelican/pelican/content directory and the blog will automatically be regenerated on change. For more information check the [Pelican documentation](http://docs.getpelican.com/en/latest/index.html).
